README.md, before:

### Code Fellows Code Challenge - Simple HTTP Server with Node.js

#### Node.js HTTP Server - Assignment
+ This server should respond to a root-url request with a file called index.html.
+ DO NOT USE EXPRESSJS.
+ Your code should have error checking and at least one callback.
+ Put five or more html elements in your index.html. One of the elements should be a link to an external page.
+ Things to research: node.js, callbacks, the fs module, the http module.


#### JS Functionality:
+ This is program creates a simple server using Node.js.
+ The server sends the user to the root-url or homepage with some external links.
+ If any other page is requested by the user, the server returns a 404 Page Not Found response.


#### HTML:
+ This program links to [You Tube Video by Learn Code.Academy on What is Node.js](https://youtu.be/pU9Q6oiQNd0)
+ This program links to [You Tube Video by The New Boston on Making an HTTP Server with Node.js](https://youtu.be/pYOltVz7kL0)
+ This program links to [Node.js Documentation for Server Callbacks](https://nodejs.org/api/http.html#http_response_write_chunk_encoding_callback)
+ The index.html has at least 5 elements.

Commit message:

updating the README file for the Library Module

README.md, after:

### Code Fellows Code Challenge - Modular Library

#### Construct a Modular Library - Assignment
+ A library contains shelves. Shelves contain books. Books have an author and a title.
+ Include methods to add and remove a shelf, and methods to add/remove a book.
+ Use a modular approach so that each type of object is contained in its own file.
+ Add any additional functionality you think is appropriate.
+ Create a "main" file that demonstrates the capabilities of your library.


#### JS Functionality:
+ This is program creates a simple modular libary.
+ The Book Module includes a function to createBook taking the following parameters: the book's title, author, ISBN#, genre and number in our libary.
+ The Shelves Module includes functions to add or remove a book from a shelf, as well as add or remove a shelf itself. Adding or removing a book requires the Book Module and uses the book number and shelf name. Adding or removing a shelf only requires the shelf name.
+ The Library Module includes functions to add or remove shelves based on the shelf Name and requires the Shelf Module.
+ I demonstrate the function of the libary in the main file, using three William Faulker book titles for reference.
